Move medical domain docs from Languages to Models (DEL-33741) (#276)
speechmatics/docs: docs/speech-to-text/models.mdx

Use Melia 1 for audio that contains more than one language, including speakers who switch language mid-conversation.

> For healthcare audio, the Enhanced model also offers a [medical domain](#healthcare-domain) tuned for medical terminology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For healthcare use cases, use the [Enhanced Medical model](#healthcare-domain) which is tuned for medical terminology.
```

:::note
In SaaS (cloud) deployments, `operating_point` is deprecated. It maps to `model` and accepts the same `enhanced` and `standard` values. Use [`model`](#specify-a-model) going forward.

> :::

Reviewer: Should move this to the bottom of the page since its not relevant for new users and will become increasingly irrelevant.

> ## Healthcare domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enhanced Medical model
```

> Speechmatics offers a medical domain that delivers high accuracy on healthcare audio such as ambient scribes and dictation tools. The medical domain is available with the Enhanced model only; it does not apply to the Standard or Melia 1 models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speechmatics offers the Enhanced Medical model that delivers high accuracy on healthcare audio such as ambient scribes and dictation tools.
```

> The medical domain is kept up to date using officially maintained data sources. This improves recognition of medical terminology such as procedures, medications, conditions, and anatomy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Enhanced Medical model is kept up to date using officially maintained data sources. This improves recognition of medical terminology such as procedures, medications, conditions, and anatomy.
```

For languages not listed below, the Enhanced model still delivers high accuracy on healthcare audio without the medical domain.

> Set the `domain` property to `medical`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Enhanced Medical model, set the `domain` property to `medical`:
```
